# RenoJoy
This website that we created is for our renovation business called "RenoJoy". RenoJoy is an innovative web application designed to streamline and simplify the renovation process for homeowners and professionals alike. The RenoJoy app aims to bring joy to the renovation experience by offering a user-friendly platform. The website combines project management, inspiration, and collaboration features such as community support to make the renovation process enjoyable and stress-free. RenoJoy strives to be the all-in-one solution for anyone embarking on a renovation journey. We tried to make the website as easy to use as possible by making it one page and scrollable. All the information needed is in the one page itself. The user can look at the website at ease with a glance. The colour used is striking and eye catching while being soothing to look at due to its green colour, representing nature. Which shows we care about the nature while renovating homes. The clean website hopefully will make more users be able to use our website and increase our website exposure There are many features in our website to make the user experience a more pleasant and interactive one.

Features:

The first feature would the main homepage header tab which on click will bring the user to the specific row of interest that the header suggest to allow for quicker and more tactile navigation. The next feature of this website would be about the "Our Works" section of the header which has a row of buttons that can be clicked to filter the different renovation services we provide so that the user would be able to view the different renovation services that we provide with just a simple click. The third feature would be the reviews section which showcases some of the satisfied customers reviews that was left and the section would scroll by itself after a ceratin period of time to show different reviews from the customers. There is also a button for quicker gestures if the user would like to scroll and see more reviews at once. Last but not least, there is a button at the bottom of the page that would bring the user back all the way to the top of the webpage for a swift navigation back to the top of the webpage without needing keep scrolling up aimlessly making the overall experience convenient and enjoyable.


GitHub Repository
https://yur1ne.github.io/RENOVATION/renojoy/index.html
